Which Indian cricketer has been inducted into ICC Hall of Fame?
Which state / UT Cricket Association has been granted the status of a Full Member of the BCCI?
Paramarsh scheme is associated to which union ministry?
What name has been given to the recently launched UGC Guide to Student Induction Programme (SIP)?
On which date, the Nelson Mandela International Day (NMID) is observed?
Motihari- Amlekhgunj petroleum pipeline project, sometimes seen in news, is connected to India & which country?
The ‘Medicine from the Sky’ is the pilot project of which state government?
ICC has suspended which country’s Cricket Federation with immediate effect for breach of constitution?
Which Indian golfer has won the FCG Callaway Junior world Golf Championship 2019?
Which state / UT police has launched the new e-challan system for the use of Traffic Police?
Which state government has raised financial aid for Martyrs’ Kin to Rs.1 crore?
Which country has become the 76th signatory country to join the International Solar Alliance (ISA) Framework Agreement?
Which Indian woman sprinter has won gold in the 200m race at “Tabor Athletics”?
Which Indian Government campaign has won the Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) Gold Award 2019 in the “Marketing - Primary Government Destination” category?
Who is the author of the book "Kargil: Untold stories from the War”?
Which Indian organisation has introduced web-based application system for contribution from Fund of Funds for Startups (FFS)?
Which Indian woman cricketer has been conferred the 2018 Arjuna Award?
The Union Cabinet has approved Inter-Institutional Agreement between India and which country for 3D bioprinting & regenerative medicine?
The 2019 World Day for International Justice (WDIJ) is observed on which date?
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared Ebola outbreak as global health emergency in which African country?
Who has been selected for Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowships in the field of performing arts?
Ursula von der Leyen, who has been elected as the European Commission's first female president, is from which country?
Swarup Dutta, who passed away recently, was the veteran actor of which regional cinema?
The researchers at which University have developed a low-cost filter to remove arsenic from water?
Which state / UT government has launched "Happiness Utsav" in its schools?
Vijayveer Sidhu is associated to which sports?
The International Shark Awareness Day (ISAD) is observed on which date?
From which city, the first-ever international commercial flight from Madhya Pradesh has launched?
Which Indian organisation has decided to develop the Broadband Readiness Index (BRI) for Indian States and Union Territories (UT)?
The Markandeshwar temple is located on the bank of which river in Maharashtra?
Which Bollywood personality is set to be honoured with honorary doctorate by Melbourne’s La Trobe University?
Which Indian surgeon has been conferred the Honorary Fellowship of The Royal College of Surgeons (FRCS) of Thailand?
Which of the following NBFCs has become the first NBFC to get $100 million loan from AIIB for Green Energy Funding?
Who won the women’s title at the 2019 Wimbledon tennis tournament?
Which state has become the first Indian state to get fund through World Bank’s climate resilience program?
Which former SC Judge of India has been appointed as an International Judge of the Singapore International Commercial Court (SICC)?
The Kasarkod beach is located in which state?
The researchers at which Indian institute have developed technology to pack microbial strains in tiny capsules?
What is the theme of 2019 edition of World Youth Skills Day (WYSD)?
Which Indian organisation has published the first comprehensive census of orchids of India “Orchids of India : A Pictorial Guide”?
Who won the men’s title at the 2019 Wimbledon tennis tournament?
Who has been adjudged player of the tournament at the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup?
Pardeep Singh, who has created a new Commonwealth record in the clean and jerk category, is from which state?
Which Indian woman wrestler has won gold in the 53kg category at Yasar Dogu International in Istanbul?
Which state has become the first Indian state to have water policy?
Which Indian movie has won the Best Feature Film award at the 2019 SAARC film festival?
Which state government has observed the first-ever Save Water Day on 12th July?
Who has been appointed the new Governor of Himachal Pradesh?
Hussain Muhammad Ershad, who passed away recently, was the former military dictator of which country?
The Spektr-RG space telescope is a joint venture of which of the following countries?
The Asia’s largest solar Power project is located in which district of Madhya Padesh?
Who has been appointed as MD & CFO of the World Bank (WB)?
Anthony Amalraj is associated to which sports?
M J Radhakrishnan, who passed away recently, was the renowned film maker of which regional cinema?
The first-ever Himalayan states’ conclave is slated to be held in which state?
Which Indian organization has collaborated with Ministry of Health to conduct largest pan-India oral health survey?
The rare footage of 1948 film Vande Mataram has become part of NFAI. The film was directed by whom?
The researchers of which country have found that Electronic cigarettes damage brain stem cells?
The Agri-Business Incubation Centre in Raipur has been set up under which central scheme?
The 2019 Kharchi Puja Festival has celebrated in which state?
Which Indian weightlifter has won Gold in 81 kg category at the 2019 Commonwealth Championships in Apia?
Who has been appointed as Secretary of Overseas Indian Affairs?
Which is the India’s most expensive office location , as per Commercial Real Estate Services (CBRE)’s latest survey?
The Operation Thirst has been launched by which Indian organisation?
Which international organisation has released the 2019 global Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI)?
The Residential Asset Price Monitoring Survey (RAPMS) has been conducted by which Indian organisation?
Who has been elected as the new President of the European Parliament?
Which state government has announced Rs 10k monthly allowance for Padma Shri awardees?
The first-ever Global Conference for Media Freedom was held in which city?
The Film Division of India (FDI) has launched a documentary film club “KSHITIJ” in which city?
Prasar Bharati has signed MoU with which IIT for research collaboration in newly emerging technologies?
On which date, the 2019 edition of World Population Day (WPD) is observed?
Who has been sworn-in as the new Prime Minister of Greece?
Which Indian movie has won the NETPAC Award for Best Asian Film at the 23rd Bucheon Film Festival 2019?
Under whose chairmanship, the 2nd India-Russia Strategic Economic Dialogue (IRSED) was held in New Delhi?
Under which section of UAPA act of 1967, the Government of India (GoI) has banned Sikhs for Justice (SFJ)?
Which European country has decided to impose a green tax on plane tickets from 2020?
Which pharmaceutical company has become the India’s first company to launch Romiplostim to treat chronic ITP?
The Prosecco hills is located in which country?
Which IT company has partnered with AICTE to equip students with career skills?
Who has become the first Indian sprinter to win Gold in the 100m event at the 30th World University Games (WUG-2019)?
The famous Kataragama temple is located in which country?
The Skill development training programme for jail inmates has started in which district of Assam?
Who has been adjudged as the AIFF Men’s Footballer of the Year 2019?
Which state government has recently implemented Center’s Witness Protection Scheme (WPS)?
Who has been appointed as the new chief of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA)?
Who has been appointed CMD of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL)?
The Amrabad Tiger Reserve (ATR) is located in which state?
The Plan Bee, which won the Indian Railways ‘s Best Innovation Award, is associated to which railway zone?
The 2019 Women Startup Summit (WSS) is scheduled to be held in which city?
Which state government has decided to produce its own seeds under brand name Sah-Beej?
Who has been appointed as Head of Cricket at the National Cricket Academy (NCA)? 
Budj Bim Cultural Landscape is located in which country?
The Asia’s first Six Sigma Institute of Mountain Medicines and High Altitude Rescue is set to come up in which Indian state?
The term Utkarsh 2022 in news is related to which organization?
Which new method has been identified for predicting monsoon?
Which new section has been inserted in the SEBI Act to act against entities that tamper or destroy electronic databases? 
Which place in Kerala is slated to be home of India’s first elephant rehabilitation centre?
India’s first cow sanctuary is located in which district of Madhya Pradesh?
The Union Government has launched which human atlas initiative for holistic understanding of human body?
Which Indian personality has been honoured with the highest award of Republic of Guinea “National order of Merit”?
Which country has officially withdrawn from Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF)?
Which state government has launched Vhali Dikri Yojna for the welfare of girl child?
Which bank has become the first Indian bank to link up with China’s National Advance Payment System (CNAPS)?
Devadas Kanakala, who passed away recently, was the veteran actor of which regional cinema?
Which Indian-origin personality has been crowned Miss England 2019?
The Census 2021 will be conducted in how many scheduled languages?
As per which article of the constitution, Supreme Court has ruled that a judicial magistrate has power to direct accused to give voice samples?
As per which committee's report, UGC has recommended 20 institutions for Institutes of Eminence (IoE)?
The researchers at which IIT has developed Hydro Thermal Carbonization (HTC) technology for solid waste management?
